Think of a progressive webapp more like a running list of things you can do they in a static list it's
going to evolve over time.
But the idea is to make user experience as we know as close as possible to a native app.
By the way maybe you don't trust me maybe you think that this progressive Web app is just pure hype
and is just teaching us something that won't exists in two years.
Well companies like Twitter
have adopted progressive Web apps so much so that Twitter has moved all of their mobile web traffic
to a re-act progressive Web app Alibaba dotcom Yeah they use a progressive Web app Lyft and uber uses
a progressive Web app Lyft for example has a goal of making their progressive Web app a 100 percent
parity or half complete feature set that their mobile phone has their mobile app has to be the exact
same as their web app and there's tons of companies that are adopting progressive Web apps because it
is so beneficial.
Let me show you a few examples to really emphasize and make you understand what this is.
One of the great examples that I like is this polka dot org Web site a very very simple web site that
shows you on information.
Everybody loves that.
Now this is a progressive Web app well.
How so.
If I go open up the developer tools and you see over here if I click on the icon that shows toggle device
toolbar and I scroll down here
well show me the mobile view of this app let me scroll down so we can see it fully and we see over here
that it looks pretty good on mobile.
I can even turn it around.
And we also have the menu that's working.
But the cool part about this is if I turn off my wife I which usually gives us that blank page with
the dinosaur on Chrome saying we don't have an internet connection.
Well check this out.
This still works.
How cool is that.
If I had this on my phone even though I don't have an internet connection I'd be able to still check
out all these pokey months.
All right let's turn back the Wi-Fi.
And take a look at another Web site and this is the hacker news progressive Web apps and you can think
of it as a playground where people try and rebuild the hacker news web site using a progressive Web
app.
And you can see here it gives us the lighthouse score.
It gives us some important metrics like how fast our Web page loads and you can even look at the code
of people that have implemented this.
Now let's click on the View app over here for one of the examples and we see over here that we just
have a simple Hacker News Web site.
The cool part about this and this is a thing that we'll talk about later on in the videos is if I open
this tab and let's scroll this tab up now.
And we go to application scroll all the way up to what we call the manifest we see over here that there
is a add to homescreen button and this ad to homescreen button appears for mobile users.
If I visited this site multiple times it's going to have a pop up and you might have seen this while
browsing the web as well that says hey do you want to add this to your home screen.
You see over here if I click that I get this little notification if I click on Add I can add the application
will keep the name the same.
And now on my desktop and now on my desktop look at that I have prepacked Hacker News app straight on
this desktop and it opens up right away.
If I turned off the Wi-Fi and opened this up again we see that it still works.
How cool is that.
And you still see your Albar because this is a browser.
But if we were on a mobile phone you actually wouldn't see this.
You are Albar and it will feel completely like an app.
Very very cool.
You see here that we don't completely have full features because you still need Wi-Fi for some parts
but that's ok right.
Because native apps work like that too.
There you go.
Starting to load now.
All right.
So I think that's enough examples to prove to you that maybe we should consider doing this whole progressive
Web app thing in the next few videos.
I'm going to show you the three most important parts to build our own progressive Web and we're going
to talk about these three topics so that our robo friends app is going to be a progressive Web app by
the end of this section.
And Bruno is going to love us for it.
We'll see in the next one.
Probably.